Hello Hillwalkers!


On Saturday 18th March, we will be having our Annual General Meeting and
Ceilidh! (St Giles Parish Church EH9 2DW). We will be starting the AGM
prompt at 6.30pm. Get there early for the FREE WINE!!! Once the AGM is
finished, we can start the serious business of ceilidhing!



Tickets will be available at the pub on Tuesday, and in limited number on
the door.

-          AGM + Ceilidh (=A35)

-          Ceilidh (=A37)



426_1126106300774005_3269302973812914111_n.jpg



The main purpose of the AGM is to elect our new committee for next year. Th=
e
first attached file has a rundown of the different positions (there are 13
of them up for grabs) and some information about each one. If you're
thinking of running (and you should be!) there is some more information
about the committee on our  <http://euhwc.eusu.ed.ac.uk/about/committee>
website. Also feel free to talk to any of the current committee via email o=
r
at the pub.

To stand for committee, you need someone to nominate you for your chosen
position/s. In order to get through the whole process a bit quicker, we are
taking pre-nominations online this year. To do this, follow the instruction=
s
at this link
<http://euhwc.eusu.ed.ac.uk/about/committee/agm-nominations-2017> . Note:
you cannot nominate yourself for committee, so ask someone else to fill out
the form for you. The online form is purely optional; people can still be
nominated on the night as usual.

If a position has more than one nominee, you may (but don't have to) give a
brief statement to explain why you would be well suited to the position etc=
.
This will be followed by a very short Q&A session, but don=92t worry this w=
ill
be very friendly, and you shouldn=92t feel at all worried or intimidated. T=
he
new committee generally takes over at the end of May, after our final trip
of the year.

Being on the committee is a fantastic opportunity to get really involved
with the running of the club, and its great fun. Plus, there are the perks
like pre-signs for trips (no more queuing!) Any questions about standing fo=
r
election please just  <mailto:bexmeacham@btinternet.com?subject=3DEUHWC%20A=
GM>
email me and ask. If you are unable to attend the AGM, you can still be
elected; just send me a statement that can be read out on your behalf,
stating which position/s you wish to stand for, and setting out why you
think you should be elected.

Also attached are the minutes of last year=92s AGM and our committee update=
s,
just if you fancy having a look through to stay up-to-date with how the clu=
b
is being run.

To our non-student members - I'm sorry to say that only current student
members are able to stand for the committee, vote in committee elections, o=
r
vote on constitutional amendments. You are however very welcome to come
along to the AGM anyway, to take part in and influence debate as well as th=
e
very important job of counting votes!



That's about it. Again, please get in touch if you have any questions.



Much Love,

Your forever fabulous Secretary

xxx